Adds docs (#62)
datajoint/element-interface: docs/src/concepts.md

# Concepts

## Software interoperability

While software versioning helps researchers keep track of changes over time, it often
makes sense to separate the interface from the pipeline itself. By collecting utilities
here in Element Interface, maintainers can keep up to date with the latest developments
across other packages, without causing issues in the respective Element.

## Element Features

### General utilities

`utils.find_full_path` and `utils.find_root_directory` are used 
across many Elements and Workflows to allow for the flexibility of providing 
one or more root directories in the user's config, and extrapolating from a relative
path at runtime.

> `utils.ingest_csv_to_table` is used across didactic workflows to ingest from example

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`utils.ingest_csv_to_table` is used across workflow examples to ingest from sample data from 
```

Reviewer 2: Sorry, I thought this was one of my element PRs. Feel free to revert if needed

Author: No need, I'm on board with this change
